### Hey!

My name is Fernanda Kelly, I'm 28 years old, I'm from Goiânia and I've been adventuring around the capital Porto Alegre since 2020. I'm a statistician and an enthusiast in the world of Machine and Deep Learning. During my undergraduate studies I worked with time series in voluntary projects and pasture, rainfall and financial market forecasting laboratories. Given my experience and interest in the area, my TCC was the development of a new model to predict binary results, such as rain or not rain. The name of this time series model is Bernoulli-ARMA.

In relation to academia, I have already “played” a bit with doing a master's degree in Computer Science, but I am currently studying a master's degree in Intelligent Systems and Applications at the Federal University of Health Sciences of Porto Alegre. I have a postgraduate degree in Data Science & Analytics from the University of São Paulo, unit Escola Superior de Agricultura “Luiz de Queiroz”, better known as USP/ESALQ and in Project Management from Fundação Getúlio Vargas (FGV).

I worked on research projects, laboratories and worked in large companies such as Accenture Brasil. I have experience in epidemiological data analysis, image processing and geoprocessing, time series, marketing and programming (Advanced level in R and basic in Python). Statistics and problem solving have been a passion since the beginning of my professional career and due to interaction with small entrepreneurs, I developed skills such as assertive communication, quick problem solving and convincing power.

I speak English in the Brazilian way and I passionately love French and, in relation to volunteer projects, I am the founder of the Goiânia chapter of the global organization R-Ladies and I am part of the team at the AI Inclusive organization.
